reading folder : benchmarks/src
benchmarks/src/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/blackscholes
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/blackscholes
benchmarks/src/aeminium/blackscholes
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/blackscholes
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/fft
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/fft
benchmarks/src/aeminium/fft
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/fft
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/fibonacci
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/fibonacci
benchmarks/src/aeminium/fibonacci
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/fibonacci
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/gaknapsack
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/gaknapsack
benchmarks/src/aeminium/gaknapsack
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/gaknapsack
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/health
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/health
benchmarks/src/aeminium/health
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/health
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/integral
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/integral
benchmarks/src/aeminium/integral
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/integral
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/lud
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/lud
benchmarks/src/aeminium/lud
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/lud
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/quicksort
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/quicksort
benchmarks/src/aeminium/quicksort
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/quicksort
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/raytracer
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/raytracer
benchmarks/src/aeminium/raytracer
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/raytracer
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/shellsort
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/shellsort
benchmarks/src/aeminium/shellsort
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/shellsort
benchmarks/src/aeminium/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/aeminium/webserver
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium/webserver
benchmarks/src/aeminium/webserver
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium/webserver
1/benchmarks/src/aeminium
benchmarks/src/aeminium
leave folder :benchmarks/src/aeminium
benchmarks/src/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/crypt
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/crypt
benchmarks/src/jomp/crypt
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/crypt
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/euler
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/euler
benchmarks/src/jomp/euler
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/euler
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/jgfutil
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/jgfutil
benchmarks/src/jomp/jgfutil
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/jgfutil
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/lufact
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/lufact
benchmarks/src/jomp/lufact
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/lufact
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/moldyn
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/moldyn
benchmarks/src/jomp/moldyn
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/moldyn
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/montecarlo2
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/montecarlo2
benchmarks/src/jomp/montecarlo2
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/montecarlo2
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/search
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/search
benchmarks/src/jomp/search
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/search
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/series
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/series
benchmarks/src/jomp/series
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/series
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/sor
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/sor
benchmarks/src/jomp/sor
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/sor
benchmarks/src/jomp/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/jomp/sparsematmult
1/benchmarks/src/jomp/sparsematmult
benchmarks/src/jomp/sparsematmult
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp/sparsematmult
1/benchmarks/src/jomp
benchmarks/src/jomp
leave folder :benchmarks/src/jomp
benchmarks/src/2
reading folder : benchmarks/src/working_examples
1/benchmarks/src/working_examples
benchmarks/src/working_examples
leave folder :benchmarks/src/working_examples
1/benchmarks/src
benchmarks/src
leave folder :benchmarks/src
